The data is about Indian Premier League (IPL) matches. The analyzation of statistics and data of game matches can have 
both negative and positive impact on the people involved in sports. One positive aspect of analyzing this data is that 
teams are able to create and potentially implement better game match strategies for future games. By having coaches and 
sport analysts examine the patterns in the data, they can get a better understanding on the strengths and weaknesses of 
their team. Coaches can determine what works best and what does not work best for their team. Coaches can also use the 
data to examine other teams' information to see what their opponenents are doing and arrange a game plan to counteract them. 
Coaches can use the data to make use of the most practical tactics to utilize and what part of the team players should take a 
part of. A second positive reason for this data is being able to analyze the performance of the players and the teams they are 
in. With this data coaches can help out their team by creating additional training tailored to certain members of a team based 
on their performances. A third positive aspect of analyzing this data is that it can improve the enthusiast and fan experience. 
The statistical analysis of these games can provide fans with constant updates on the game as well as provide highlights of the 
games. This data can be used for fans to associate and be engaged with the game and have fun. One negative aspect of this project 
is incomplete data. Not every specific detail of a game is accessible in the dataset and it is possible for the data to contain 
errors. Another negative aspect of the data is the misinterpretation of what the data can mean. The data could be misleading and 
it is best not to jump to conclusions because of looking at statistics is not the only way to interpret the data. PLayer experience 
should also be taken into consideration alongside with the data to get an exceptional interpretation of the data. Another negative 
aspect of the project is the overwhelming amount of data which can be difficult for coaches and analysts to examine and look through the data.
